#summary Overview of the changes in ezStats
#labels Featured

== Important notice ==
You have to run the installer after uploading the new version, because of changes in the database. Do not be afraid, you must not re-enter any data. Please update all players after that to avoid failures.


==v0.42 to 0.43==
*New Features:*
  * In detail view there are now you global rank for your many stats values, for weapons and vehicles.
  * In the detail view are now the equiment stats

*New CMS-Plugins:*
  * vBulletin CMS
  * Nuked Klan

*Language:*
  * New: Spanish (Translated by Teobaldo Vasquez Pina)

==v0.41 to 0.42==
*New Feature: Vehicle overview*
  * In detail view there is now the vehicle overview. All information about the vehicles are displayed in a fully sortable table. Detailed information on each value are shown as a mouse-over effect. Moreover, the stats of the vehicle categories are displayed as well, including the common unlocks.


*New CMS-Plugins:*
  * PHPKIT 1.6.1
  * MyBB 1.6


*Bugfixes:*
  * Fixed several bugs that could occur when a player reaches the last rank
  * B2K weapons are now in the weapons overview
  * If a weapon has no unlocks, no wrong value appears anymore
  * Detail view is now displayed correctly even with small monitors
  * During installation, the leaderboard gets a unique key assigned. With it, he can add new players to BF3Stats, and can push their updates. If the server of BF3Stats is overloaded, the leaderboard does not receive a key and the player update is faulty. From now ezStats recognizes the missing key and tries to request a key on every update

==v0.40 to 0.41==
*CMS-Plugins:*
  * New: Simple Machines Forum (SMF)


*Bugfixes:*
  * In plugin mode, the font-family should now inherit correctly
  * Various improvements in the CSS code of the detail views
  * If ezStats runs as a plugin for a CMS, the detail view you should now be displayed even if ezStats is installed in a different domain than the CMS


*New Feature: Weapons overview*
  * In detail view there is now the weapons overview. All information about the weapons are displayed in a fully sortable table. Detailed information on each value are shown as a mouse-over effect. Moreover, the best weapons in four categories are highlighted.

==v0.30 to 0.40==
*New Feature: Detail-View*
  * If you click on the leaderboard on a player's name, now a lightbox appears with detailed information of that player. It is currently limited to the Kit-, Team- and Combatstats. The interesting details such as weapons- and vehiclestats come in the next version.


*Languages:*
  * New: Norwegian (Translated by Martin Stranden)
  * Revised: French and Dutch (Adminpanel now translated)

*Bugfixes:*
  * Fixed a bug that various special characters were not displayed correctly on some servers. (Especially korean and french)


==v0.20 to 0.30==
*New Feature: Customizable design*
  * In admin panel you now have a new menu item: "Style". In this menu you can easily make changes to the design of your leaderboard, and customize it to your wishes!

*New Languages:*
  * Polish: (Translated by Artur "cyrq" Kubicki)
  * Dutch: (Translated by Martin "Bollesmurf" )

*Bugfixes:*
  * The compatibility with various javascript libraries was increased


==v0.15 to 0.20==
*New Feature: CMS-Plugins*
  * The following CMS are supported so far: DZCP, e107, ECP, Ilch, Joomla, PHPFusion, PHPKit, PHPNuke, Webspell, Wordpress
  * See also: http://code.google.com/p/ezstats/wiki/cms_plugins

*New Languages:*
  * Turkish (Translated by Fatih "MrkiLLerMan88" Es)
  * Italian (Translated by Pietro "Skar3" Mingo)
  * Korean (Translated by Son "Kananbis" JiHoon)
  * French (Translated by Adrien "DriiDrii74" Manzon)

*Bugfixes:*
  * Rank & Progress icons are now displayed correctly in any size
  * The sorting of the leaderboard is now correct when "position" is displayed in column 1



==v0.14 to 0.15==
*New Languages:*
  * Portuguese (Translated by Emanuel "Bejecas" Rua)
  * Russian (Translated by Vladimir "59RU" Motor59)

*Admin Panel:*
  * Update status "Error" is now more comprehensive
  * Added link back to Leaderboard

*Stats new columns:*
  * Rankicon & Progress (combined)
  * Position on the leaderboard
  * Favorite Kit & Vehicle category with Icon
  * Skill

*Bugfix:*
  * Sorting of Medals and Ribbons now works correctly
  * The sort arrows no longer overlap with the column name


==v0.13 to v0.14==

*New Feature: Auto-update*
  * ezStats can now not only compare the stats with the database of bf3stats.com, but also register new players at bf3stats.com. And ezStats can request bf3stats.com, syncronize the data of a player with EA's servers. For more information: http://code.google.com/p/ezstats/wiki/how_ezstats_get_the_stats

*Bugfixes:*
  * Fixed a bug where the style sheet has not been shown properly (Times New Roman-bug)
  * Fixed special character bug in German language files

==v0.12 to v0.13==

*New stats columns:*
  * Number of different Ribbons and Medals
  * Favored weapons, vehicles, vehicle categories, equipment
  * Rank-progress

*Other changes:*
  * The installer checks now whether the server has been disabled important functions
  * The line on the leaderboard, in which the cursor is, is highlighted now
  * A space can now be placed at the end of a clan tag 
  * Battlelog and bf3stats be opened in new tab

*Bugfix:*
  * The "growing" of the leaderboard should work better now

==v0.11 to v0.12==

*Bugfixes*
 * Fixed a error which could occur on webspaces with PHP 5.3.x

*New Features*
 * The leaderboard has a default width of 1000 pixels. If your activated columns need more space than those pixels, the leaderboard grows automatically.
 * A "infobubble" has been added. This tooltip shows detailed infos of the value, your mouse is hovering

*Additional Changes*
 * The clantag isn't wrapped with brackets anymore.


== v0.1 to v0.11 ==

*Bugfixes*
  * Assigned nicknames are now displayed correctly
  * Error during installation in some circumstances is fixed now (Undefined variable: sql in install/index.php on line 202)

*New Features*
  * Link to Battlelog added