#summary ezStats is installed in a different domain as your CMS
#labels Phase-Deploy


=== What is the problem? ===

If you have ezStats installed in a different domain, or subdomain, than your CMS, the "detail-popup" does not work. Due to a security policy on the server where ezStats is installed , it blocks the request from the foreign server.

_Wenn du ezStats in einer anderen Domain, oder Subdomain, installiert hast als dein CMS, funktioniert das Detail-Popup nicht. Aufrgrund einer Sicherheitsrichtlinie blockt der Server wo ezStats installiert ist, die Anfrage vom fremden Server ab._
----

=== Solution #1 ===
Make sure that ezStats is installed under the same subdomain as your CMS. If the URL of your page is `http://www.yoursite.com/`, and the URL of ezStats is `http://stats.yoursite.com/`, the detail popup do not work.<br>
Jump in the admin panel of ezStats, open the menu "Plugins" and then change the URL, so ezStats has the same subdomain as your CMS: f.e. `http://www.yoursite.com/folder/ezStats2/`.<br>
Attention: `http://yoursite.com` and `http://www.yoursite.com` are also different subdomains!

_Stelle sicher daß ezStats unter der gleichen Subdomain wie dein CMS installiert ist. Wenn die URL deiner Seite `http://www.yoursite.com/` lautet, und die von ezStats `http://stats.yoursite.com/`, wird das Detail-PopUp nicht funktionieren._<br>
_Öffne im Adminpanel von ezStats das Menü "Plugins" und ändere dort die URL, damit ezStats die gleiche Subdomain wie dein CMS hat, zum Beispiel: `http://www.yoursite.com/folder/ezStats2/`._<br>
_Achtung: `http://yoursite.com` und `http://www.yoursite.com` sind auch unterschiedliche Subdomains!_
----

=== Solution #2 ===
Download <a href="http://gfx.ezstats.org/htaccess.zip">these zip file</a> and extract it. You must then upload the file ".htaccess" that you just unpacked to your ezStats-folder.

_Lade dir <a href="http://gfx.ezstats.org/htaccess.zip">diese Zip-Datei</a> runter und entpacke sie. Die Datei ".htaccess" die du entpackt hast, lädst du dann in das ezStats-Verzeichnis hoch._
----

=== Solution #3 ===
This discontent can be solved with a simple XML file called "crossdomain.xml", which shall be taken in the root directory of the server where ezStats is installed.
The code for the file you'll find below.

The XML file contains a white list. Who shows up here, may access. The commented-out part with the item `allow-access-from` opens this door to all or specific domains. The asterisk (`*`) in domain and port is a wild card, thus allowing everyone access. It is better if you fill in `domain=""` the domain of your CMS.

_Diesem Missmut lässt sich in der Regel mit einer simplen XML Datei namens "crossdomain.xml" abhelfen, die im root-Verzeichnis des Servers abzulegen ist, wo ezStats installiert ist.
Den Code für die Datei findest weiter unten._

_Die XML Datei enthält eine Whitelist. Wer hier auftaucht, darf zugreifen. Der auskommentierte Teil mit dem Element `allow-access-from` öffnet dabei Tür und Tor für spezielle oder alle Domains. Der Stern (`*`) in domain und port ist eine Wildcard und erlaubt somit jeden Zugriff. Besser ist es, wenn du unter `domain=""` die Domain deines CMS eingibst._

{{{
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE cross-domain-policy SYSTEM 
    "http://www.macromedia.com/xml/dtds/cross-domain-policy.dtd">
<cross-domain-policy>
<!--
   <allow-access-from domain="*" to-ports="*" />
-->
</cross-domain-policy>
}}}
----